OVERVIEW
This is an app for pairing up team members for get to know you gatherings. Also excellent for generating pairs for pair-programming sessions. In teams with even number of members, all members will be uniquely paired before pairs are re-used. In odd member teams, the odd man/woman out is randomly added to one of the pairs.

The site is made as kind of an admin panel, meaning regular employees usually won't see the interface. Right now the pairing emails are sent out either manually or through a clockwork cron job file. Alternatively, I would put the clockwork code in a rake task and use the Heroku scheduler to run the rake task weekly.

USER STORIES
- The user can create a new person and assign him/her to a team before submitting.
- The user can create a new team (as long as the team name is unique).
- The user can delete an existing team.
- The user can add a new team member through the person's email. A person can belong to multiple teams.
- The user can remove a person from a team.
- The user can manually send the weekly pairing emails (boot up sidekiq). The mailer will send an email to each team member telling them who their pair(s) will be.
- The mailer can be automated through a cron job. Go to the 'worker' folder and run 'clockwork clock_work_send_pair_emails.rb'

COMMANDS
In order for the mailer to run properly, run these commands in separate terminals:
rails s
redis-server
bundle exec sidekiq
clockwork clock_work_send_pair_emails.rb
(make sure to run clock work on a Friday).
run rake db:seed for some sample data.

TESTING
simplecov test coverage: 92.8%. All tests should be passing.
The models and presenters code was written using mostly TDD approach.
- The models are well tested.
- The presenter classes are well tested.
- View and Controller testing are replaced with capybara integration tests.
- Testing gems used: factory_girl, shoulda-matchers, capybara, database_cleaner, launchy, guard.

STYLEING
- Very little CSS work was done here due to the lack of time. If interested in my design intuitions, check out boombox.io and makerspark.herokuapp.com